ticdc: add more parameters (#20138)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-mysql.md

| `12345678`       | The password of the downstream database (can be encoded using Base64).                                      |
| `127.0.0.1`    | The IP address of the downstream database.                               |
| `3306`         | The port for the downstream database.                                 |
| `worker-count` | The concurrency level of SQL statements executed to the downstream (optional, the default value is `16`, and the maximum value is `1024`). |
| `cache-prep-stmts` | Controls whether to use prepared statements when executing SQL in the downstream and enable prepared statement cache on the client side (optional, `true` by default). |
| `max-txn-row` | The batch size of SQL statements executed to the downstream (optional, the default value is `256`, and the maximum value is `2048`). |
| `max-multi-update-row` | When batch write is enabled, the batch size of `UPDATE ROWS` SQL statements executed to the downstream, which is always less than `max-txn-row` (optional, the default value is `40`, and the maximum value is `256`). |

> | `max-multi-update-row-size` | When batch write is enabled, the size limit of `UPDATE ROWS` SQL statements executed to the downstream. If this size is exceeded, each row will be executed as a separate SQL statement (optional, the default value is `1024`, and the maximum value is `8192`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max-multi-update-row-size` | The size limit of `UPDATE ROWS` SQL statements executed to the downstream when batch write (`batch-dml-enable`) is enabled. If the size exceeds this limit, each row is executed as a separate SQL statement (optional, the default value is `1024`, and the maximum value is `8192`). |
```

| `ssl-ca` | The path of the CA certificate file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional).  |
| `ssl-cert` | The path of the certificate file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional). |
| `ssl-key` | The path of the certificate key file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional). |
| `time-zone` | The time zone used when connecting to the downstream MySQL instance, which is effective since v4.0.8. This is an optional parameter. If this parameter is not specified, the time zone of TiCDC service processes is used. If this parameter is set to an empty value, such as `time-zone=""`, no time zone is specified when TiCDC connects to the downstream MySQL instance and the default time zone of the downstream is used. |
| `transaction-atomicity`  |  The atomicity level of a transaction. This is an optional parameter, with the default value of `none`. When the value is `table`, TiCDC ensures the atomicity of a single-table transaction. When the value is `none`, TiCDC splits the single-table transaction.  |

> | `batch-dml-enable` | Enables the batch-dml feature (optional, the default value is `true`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `batch-dml-enable` | Enables the batch write (batch-dml) feature (optional, the default value is `true`). |
```

> | `read-timeout` | the go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O read timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-readtimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
> | `write-timeout` | the go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O write timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-writetimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
> | `timeout` | the go-sql-driver parameter, [timeout for establishing connections](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-timeout), also known as dial timeout (optional, the default value is `2m`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `read-timeout` | The go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O read timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-readtimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
| `write-timeout` | The go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O write timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-writetimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
| `timeout` | The go-sql-driver parameter, [timeout for establishing connections](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-timeout), also known as dial timeout (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
```

> | `tidb-txn-mode` | Specifies the [`tidb_txn_mode`](/system-variables.md#tidb_txn_mode) system variable (optional, the default value is `optimistic`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tidb-txn-mode` | Specifies the [`tidb_txn_mode`](/system-variables.md#tidb_txn_mode) environment variable (optional, the default value is `optimistic`). |
```

> | `safe-mode` | Specifies how `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements are handled during replicating data downstream. When set to `true`, TiCDC converts all upstream `INSERT` statements into `REPLACE INTO` statements and all `UPDATE` statements into `DELETE` + `REPLACE INTO` statements. Before v6.1.3, the default value of this parameter is `true`. Starting from v6.1.3, the default value has been changed to `false`. When TiCDC starts, it retrieves a current timestamp `ThresholdTs`. <ul><li>For `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements with `CommitTs` less than `ThresholdTs`, TiCDC converts them into `REPLACE INTO` and `DELETE` + `REPLACE INTO` statements, respectively. </li><li>For `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements with `CommitTs` greater than or equal to `ThresholdTs`, `INSERT` statements are directly replicated to the downstream, while the behavior of `UPDATE` statements depends on the explanation in [TiCDC Behavior in Splitting UPDATE Events](/ticdc/ticdc-split-update-behavior.md). </li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `safe-mode` | Specifies how `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements are handled during replicating data to the downstream. When you set it to `true`, TiCDC converts all upstream `INSERT` statements into `REPLACE INTO` statements and all `UPDATE` statements into `DELETE` + `REPLACE INTO` statements. Before v6.1.3, the default value of this parameter is `true`. Starting from v6.1.3, the default value changes to `false`. When TiCDC starts, it retrieves a current timestamp `ThresholdTs`. <ul><li>For `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements with `CommitTs` smaller than `ThresholdTs`, TiCDC converts them into `REPLACE INTO` and `DELETE` + `REPLACE INTO` statements, respectively. </li><li>For `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements with `CommitTs` greater than or equal to `ThresholdTs`, `INSERT` statements are directly replicated to the downstream. For the behavior of `UPDATE` statements, see [TiCDC Behavior in Splitting UPDATE Events](/ticdc/ticdc-split-update-behavior.md). </li></ul>|
```

| `12345678`       | The password of the downstream database (can be encoded using Base64).                                      |
| `127.0.0.1`    | The IP address of the downstream database.                               |

> | `3306`         | The port for the downstream data.                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| `3306`         | The port for the downstream database.                                 |
```

| `worker-count` | The concurrency level of SQL statements executed to the downstream (optional, the default value is `16`, and the maximum value is `1024`). |
| `cache-prep-stmts` | Controls whether to use prepared statements when executing SQL in the downstream and enable prepared statement cache on the client side (optional, `true` by default). |
| `max-txn-row` | The batch size of SQL statements executed to the downstream (optional, the default value is `256`, and the maximum value is `2048`). |

> | `max-multi-update-row` | When batch write is enabled, the batch size of update rows SQL statements executed to the downstream, which is always less than `max-txn-row` (optional, the default value is `40`, and the maximum value is `256`). |
> | `max-multi-update-row-size` | When batch write is enabled, the size limit of update rows SQL statements executed to the downstream. If this size is exceeded, each row will be executed as a separate SQL statement (optional, the default value is `1024`, and the maximum value is `8192`). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `max-multi-update-row` | When batch write is enabled, the batch size of `UPDATE ROWS` SQL statements executed to the downstream, which is always less than `max-txn-row` (optional, the default value is `40`, and the maximum value is `256`). |
| `max-multi-update-row-size` | When batch write is enabled, the size limit of `UPDATE ROWS` SQL statements executed to the downstream. If this size is exceeded, each row will be executed as a separate SQL statement (optional, the default value is `1024`, and the maximum value is `8192`). |
```

| `ssl-ca` | The path of the CA certificate file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional).  |
| `ssl-cert` | The path of the certificate file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional). |
| `ssl-key` | The path of the certificate key file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional). |
| `time-zone` | The time zone used when connecting to the downstream MySQL instance, which is effective since v4.0.8. This is an optional parameter. If this parameter is not specified, the time zone of TiCDC service processes is used. If this parameter is set to an empty value, such as `time-zone=""`, no time zone is specified when TiCDC connects to the downstream MySQL instance and the default time zone of the downstream is used. |
| `transaction-atomicity`  |  The atomicity level of a transaction. This is an optional parameter, with the default value of `none`. When the value is `table`, TiCDC ensures the atomicity of a single-table transaction. When the value is `none`, TiCDC splits the single-table transaction.  |

> | `batch-dml-enable` | Enable the batch-dml feature (optional, the default value is `true`). |
> | `read-timeout` | go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O read timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-readtimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
> | `write-timeout` | go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O write timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-writetimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
> | `timeout` | go-sql-driver parameter, [timeout for establishing connections](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-timeout), also known as dial timeout (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
> | `safe-mode` | Convert all `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements to `REPLACE INTO` statements (optional, the default value is `false`). |
> | `tidb-txn-mode` | Specify the system variable [`tidb_txn_mode`](/system-variables.md#tidb_txn_mode) (optional, the default value is `optimistic`). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `batch-dml-enable` | Enables the batch-dml feature (optional, the default value is `true`). |
| `read-timeout` | the go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O read timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-readtimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
| `write-timeout` | the go-sql-driver parameter, [I/O write timeout](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-writetimeout) (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
| `timeout` | the go-sql-driver parameter, [timeout for establishing connections](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#readme-timeout), also known as dial timeout (optional, the default value is `2m`). |
| `safe-mode` | Converts all `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements to `REPLACE INTO` statements (optional, the default value is `false`). |
| `tidb-txn-mode` | Specifies the system variable [`tidb_txn_mode`](/system-variables.md#tidb_txn_mode) (optional, the default value is `optimistic`). |
```

> | `tidb-txn-mode` | Specify the system variable [tidb_txn_mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb/stable/system-variables#tidb_txn_mode) (optional, the default value is `optimistic`). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `tidb-txn-mode` | Specify the system variable [`tidb_txn_mode`](/system-variables.md#tidb_txn_mode) (optional, the default value is `optimistic`). |
```
